CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
-Mini Pharmacy Inventory System

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
-The program will help a small community pharmacy keep track of available medicines and their quantities. It can be difficult to quickly check whether a medicine is still available, especially when there are different variants of the same medicine.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
-By developing this program, I will learn how to build a practical Python program in real world scenarios that uses the programming concepts I have learned in CSE 111.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
cvs, datetime

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?

main()
show_menu() - displays the main program menu.
get_product() - finds a specific product from the inventory.
check_stock() - checks whether the requested quantity is available.
add_to_cart() - adds a selected product and quantity to the shopping cart.
search_medicine() -finds medicines that match a user's search and returns the matching products.
load_inventory() -reads the inventory from the CSV file and returns the inventory data.
save_inventory() -saves the updated inventory back to the CSV file.
    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.

test_search_medicine()
test_check_stock()
test_add_to_cart()
